c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonelYonetim\PersonelYonetim\obj\Release\PersonelYonetim.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonelYonetim\PersonelYonetim\bin\Release\PersonelYonetim.dll
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonelYonetim\PersonelYonetim\bin\Release\PersonelYonetim.pdb
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonelYonetim\PersonelYonetim\bin\Release\PersonelYonetim.PersonelYonetim.apk
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonelYonetim\PersonelYonetim\bin\Release\PersonelYonetim.PersonelYonetim-Signed.apk
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonelYonetim\PersonelYonetim\obj\Release\PersonelYonetim.dll
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonelYonetim\PersonelYonetim\obj\Release\PersonelYonetim.pdb
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonelYonetim\PersonelYonetim\obj\Release\android\bin\PersonelYonetim.PersonelYonetim.apk
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonelYonetim\PersonelYonetim\obj\Release\res\layout\main.xml
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonelYonetim\PersonelYonetim\obj\Release\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonelYonetim\PersonelYonetim\obj\Release\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonelYonetim\PersonelYonetim\obj\Release\res\drawable\bg.png
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonelYonetim\PersonelYonetim\obj\Release\R.cs.flag
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonelYonetim\PersonelYonetim\obj\Release\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonelYonetim\PersonelYonetim\bin\Release\PersonelYonetim.dll.mdb
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonelYonetim\PersonelYonetim\bin\Release\mscorlib.dll.mdb
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonelYonetim\PersonelYonetim\obj\Release\android\assets\Java.Interop.dll.mdb
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonelYonetim\PersonelYonetim\obj\Release\android\assets\Mono.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonelYonetim\PersonelYonetim\obj\Release\android\assets\mscorlib.dll.mdb
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonelYonetim\PersonelYonetim\obj\Release\android\assets\PersonelYonetim.dll.mdb
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonelYonetim\PersonelYonetim\obj\Release\android\assets\System.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonelYonetim\PersonelYonetim\obj\Release\android\assets\System.dll.mdb
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonelYonetim\PersonelYonetim\obj\Release\android\assets\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll.mdb
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonelYonetim\PersonelYonetim\obj\Release\android\assets\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll.mdb
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonelYonetim\PersonelYonetim\obj\Release\android\assets\System.Xml.dll.mdb
C:\Users\MUSTAFA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonelYonetim\PersonelYonetim\bin\Release\System.Drawing.dll
C:\Users\MUSTAFA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonelYonetim\PersonelYonetim\bin\Release\Microsoft.CSharp.dll.mdb
C:\Users\MUSTAFA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonelYonetim\PersonelYonetim\bin\Release\Mono.CSharp.dll.mdb
C:\Users\MUSTAFA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonelYonetim\PersonelYonetim\bin\Release\Mono.Data.Tds.dll.mdb
C:\Users\MUSTAFA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonelYonetim\PersonelYonetim\bin\Release\System.Data.dll.mdb
C:\Users\MUSTAFA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonelYonetim\PersonelYonetim\bin\Release\System.Numerics.dll.mdb
C:\Users\MUSTAFA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonelYonetim\PersonelYonetim\bin\Release\System.Transactions.dll.mdb
C:\Users\MUSTAFA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonelYonetim\PersonelYonetim\obj\Release\android\assets\Microsoft.CSharp.dll.mdb
C:\Users\MUSTAFA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonelYonetim\PersonelYonetim\obj\Release\android\assets\Mono.CSharp.dll.mdb
C:\Users\MUSTAFA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonelYonetim\PersonelYonetim\obj\Release\android\assets\Mono.Data.Tds.dll.mdb
C:\Users\MUSTAFA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonelYonetim\PersonelYonetim\obj\Release\android\assets\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll.mdb
C:\Users\MUSTAFA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonelYonetim\PersonelYonetim\obj\Release\android\assets\System.Data.dll.mdb
C:\Users\MUSTAFA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonelYonetim\PersonelYonetim\obj\Release\android\assets\System.Net.Http.dll.mdb
C:\Users\MUSTAFA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonelYonetim\PersonelYonetim\obj\Release\android\assets\System.Numerics.dll.mdb
C:\Users\MUSTAFA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonelYonetim\PersonelYonetim\obj\Release\android\assets\System.Transactions.dll.mdb
C:\Users\MUSTAFA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonelYonetim\PersonelYonetim\obj\Release\android\assets\System.Xml.Linq.dll.mdb
C:\Users\MUSTAFA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PersonelYonetim\PersonelYonetim\bin\Release\System.Json.dll.mdb
C:\Users\MUSTAFA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PersonelYonetim\PersonelYonetim\obj\Release\android\assets\System.Json.dll.mdb
C:\Users\MUSTAFA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonelYonetim\PersonelYonetim\obj\Release\res\layout\bilgiler.xml
C:\Users\MUSTAFA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonelYonetim\PersonelYonetim\obj\Release\PersonelYonetim.dll.mdb
C:\Users\MUSTAFA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonelYonetim\PersonelYonetim\bin\Release\PersonelYonetim.dll.mdb
